bug1: kernel throwing pagefault exception when testing sometimes

solution: changed the position of send_eoi in paging

bug 2: it keeps bootlooping after when init paging

solution: we forget to mark the video memory as present

bug 3: rtc test interrupt can not be displayed

solution: there's some problem with our enable irq and we rewrite the whole function.

bug4: when reading fram0.txt, it repeatedly read “/” and print to terminal.
solution: The bug occured because we were repeatedly reading thebfirst byte in a datablock. we solved it by adding a computation of bytenumber.

  
bug5: scroll up fails f the terminal prints multiple lines at once
solution: scroll up when putc prints '\n'

bug6: backspace pagefaults when the current key input stretches to a new line. 
Solution: forgot to set the cursor to a new position

bug7: term read unable to fetch keyboard input
solution: used a buffer to store the key input buffer before clearing it.

bug8: halt raises general protection exception
solution: we created a new tss in each pcb and change ss0 and esp0 in that when doing execute and halt, which is wrong. directly change the tss defined in x86_desc insetad solves this problem.

bug 9: page fault occur randomly when we try to open file in terminal
solution: we add the idt linkage

bug 10: we will have " program terminated abnormally" displayed on shell
solution: we accidentally retore eax in our system handler. after we delete that, it works.

bug 11: ls won't open
solution: the return value of open_dir in open syscall is wrong, we comment that out, and it works.

bug 12: after finished getarg, we just can not let cat working
solution: when we are seperating executives and filename, we check for 0. we should check for ' ' instead

bug 13: when we run fish, we can only see the letter "i" blinking
solution: we used to pass fd from test.c we pass fd from process pcb right now.

bug 14: we can not type after running shell
solution: we change the system handler to trap, and then it works.

bug 15: After switch to another terminal, we cannot type in the new terminal
solution: We forgot to send EOI after function key.

bug 16: After switching to another terminal, the cursor is not at the right place
solution: We didnt set the passed in X,Y to screen_x and screen_y in the set_cursor function



